docs/custom-authentication/create-verifiers.mdx, before:

---
title: Creating Verifiers on the Web3Auth Dashboard
sidebar_label: Create Verifiers
---

A verifier is a unique identifier for your OAuth registration on the torus network. You'll need to create a verifier to let user login with your
custom authentication flow. The Public/Private keys generated for a user are scoped to a verifier. Verifier scripts determine the access structure to
your users keys and the set Verifier Scripts chosen determine which logins your application will ultimately use.

You can read more about verifiers [here](https://medium.com/toruslabs/key-assignments-resolution-and-retrieval-afb984500612).

The Custom Authentication Dashboard looks something like this:

![Custom Authentication Dashboard](/dashboard/custom_auth.png)

<br />

## Creating a Verifier

Once you click on the `Create Verifier` button, you'll see a toggle similar to this:

![Verifier Modal on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/verifier-modal.png)

To create a verifier, you need to input the following details:

### Verifier identifier

The identifier for your verifier. This is used to identify your verifier in the Web3Auth dashboard. You'll need this while initialising the
Web3Auth/Web3AuthCore SDK for setting up custom authentication.

### Select Network

Select between `testnet`, `mainnet`, and `cyan`.

- `testnet` is a sandbox environment for developers to experiment. People usually test and finish their integration here.
- `mainnet` & `cyan` is the production environment for scalable applications.

### Login Provider

Select the Login Provider from the list to create a verifier of that type.

The following are the list we have on our Dashboard, if something you're loooking is not available in the list, choose `Custom` and provide the JWT
details.

![Login Providers list on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/login-providers-list.png)

**Login Providers Setup**

- [Google](./social-providers#google)

- [Facebook](./social-providers#facebook)

- [Twitch](./social-providers#twitch)

- [Discord](./social-providers#discord)

- [Auth0](./federated-identity-providers#auth0)

- [Custom JWT](./byo-jwt-providers)

## Can XXXX authenticator/login be supported?

The list above isn't comprehensive to all the logins that our system is capable of supporting, if you'd like support for a particular login system do
send your query over to hello@web3auth.io.

Commit message:

Added more content to social, federated and custom jwt pages

docs/custom-authentication/create-verifiers.mdx, after:

---
title: Creating Verifiers on the Web3Auth Dashboard
sidebar_label: Create Verifiers
---

A verifier is a unique identifier for your OAuth registration on the torus network. You'll need to create a verifier to let user login with your
custom authentication flow. The Public/Private keys generated for a user are scoped to a verifier. Verifier scripts determine the access structure to
your users keys and the set Verifier Scripts chosen determine which logins your application will ultimately use.

You can read more about verifiers [here](https://medium.com/toruslabs/key-assignments-resolution-and-retrieval-afb984500612).

The Custom Authentication Dashboard looks something like this:

![Custom Authentication Dashboard](/dashboard/custom_auth.png)

<br />

## Create Verifier

---

Once you click on the `Create Verifier` button, you'll see a toggle similar to this:

![Verifier Modal on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/verifier-modal.png)

To create a verifier, you need to input the following details:

### Verifier identifier

The identifier for your verifier. This is used to identify your verifier in the Web3Auth dashboard. You'll need this while initialising the
Web3Auth/Web3AuthCore SDK for setting up custom authentication.

### Select Network

Select between `testnet`, `mainnet`, and `cyan`.

- `testnet` is a sandbox environment for developers to experiment. People usually test and finish their integration here.
- `mainnet` & `cyan` is the production environment for scalable applications.

### Login Provider

Select the Login Provider from the list to create a verifier of that type.

The following are the list we have on our Dashboard, if something you're loooking is not available in the list, choose `Custom` and provide the JWT
details.

![Login Providers list on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/login-providers-list.png)

**Login Providers Setup**

- [Google](./social-providers#google)

- [Facebook](./social-providers#facebook)

- [Twitch](./social-providers#twitch)

- [Discord](./social-providers#discord)

- [Auth0](./federated-identity-providers#auth0)

- [Custom JWT](./byo-jwt-providers)

### Can XXXX authenticator/login be supported?

The list above isn't comprehensive to all the logins that our system is capable of supporting, if you'd like support for a particular login system do
send your query over to hello@web3auth.io.

## Aggregate Verifiers

---

It is possible to combine these attestation methods in AND/OR ways. For example you could combine a Google AND Discord login to access a key or vice
versa can be done for Google OR Discord. For these aggregate verifiers, its important to note that a user's `Verifier ID` must be known ahead of time,
as keys in Web3Auth are append only. Meaning to assign to a key of a user with the aggregate verifier, Google OR Discord, we must know the user's
gmail account and discord account ahead of time.

This disadvantage can be subverted if the two attestation methods share the same `Verifier ID`. For example, Auth0 generic email logins OR Google
logins both use email accounts as the `Verifier ID`, as such the Verifier ID can me shared amonst the two. This is referred to as a Single ID
Verifier.

Reach out to us on our [telegram group](https://t.me/web3auth) to learn more, or to get your aggregate verifier deployed on our testnet.
