docs/custom-authentication/social-providers/google.mdx, before:

---
title: Google Social Login with Web3Auth
sidebar_label: Google
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## Google

### Create a Google app

### Set up Google Custom Authentication

1. Create a verifier for your Google application by selecting `Google` as the Login provider from this modal.
   ![Login Providers list on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/login-providers-list.png)
2. Paste the **Client ID** from the Google App(above) to the `Client ID` field and click on Create.
   ![Google Client ID on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/google-verifier.png)

### Example

```js
import { Web3Auth } from "@web3auth/web3auth";
import { OpenloginAdapter } from "@web3auth/openlogin-adapter";

const clientId = "YOUR_CLIENT_ID";
// get it from https://dashboard.web3auth.io by creating a Plug n Play project.

const web3auth = new Web3Auth({
  clientId,
  chainConfig: {
    chainNamespace: "EIP155",
    chainId: "0x3",
  },
});

const openloginAdapter = new OpenloginAdapter({
  adapterSettings: {
    clientId,
    network: "testnet",
    uxMode: "popup",
    loginConfig: {
      // Google login
      google: {
        name: "Custom Auth Login",
        verifier: "YOUR_GOOGLE_VERIFIER_NAME", // Pass the Verifier name here
        typeOfLogin: "google", // Pass on the login provider of the verifier you've created
        clientId: "GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID.apps.googleusercontent.com", // Pass on the Google `Client ID` here
      },
    },
  },
});
web3auth.configureAdapter(openloginAdapter);

// Initialize Modal
await web3auth.initModal();

// Login with Google
await web3auth.connect();
```

Commit message:

google and facebook app creation

docs/custom-authentication/social-providers/google.mdx, after:

---
title: Google Social Login with Web3Auth
sidebar_label: Google
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## Google

### Create a Google app

1. Follow Google’s instructions to [set up an OAuth 2.0 app.](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6158849?hl=en)
2. Paste the following as Redirect URI into the "Authorized redirect URIs" field.

   - https://beta.openlogin.com/auth (for Web3Auth testnet used in demo applications)

   - https://app.openlogin.com/auth (for Web3Auth mainnet used in production applications)

   ![Google OAuth2.0 App Dashboard](/contents/social-providers/google/google-app-redirect-uri.png)

3. Obtain the OAuth `Client ID` from your [App on the Google Developer dashboard](https://console.developers.google.com/)

### Set up Google Custom Authentication

1. Create a verifier for your Google application by selecting `Google` as the Login provider from this modal.
   ![Login Providers list on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/login-providers-list.png)
2. Paste the **Client ID** from the Google App(above) to the `Client ID` field and click on Create.
   ![Google Client ID on Web3Auth Dashboard](/dashboard/verifiers/google-verifier.png)

### Example

```js
import { Web3Auth } from "@web3auth/web3auth";
import { OpenloginAdapter } from "@web3auth/openlogin-adapter";

const clientId = "YOUR_CLIENT_ID";
// get it from https://dashboard.web3auth.io by creating a Plug n Play project.

const web3auth = new Web3Auth({
  clientId,
  chainConfig: {
    chainNamespace: "EIP155",
    chainId: "0x3",
  },
});

const openloginAdapter = new OpenloginAdapter({
  adapterSettings: {
    clientId,
    network: "testnet",
    uxMode: "popup",
    loginConfig: {
      // Google login
      google: {
        name: "Custom Auth Login",
        verifier: "YOUR_GOOGLE_VERIFIER_NAME", // Pass the Verifier name here
        typeOfLogin: "google", // Pass on the login provider of the verifier you've created
        clientId: "GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID.apps.googleusercontent.com", // Pass on the Google `Client ID` here
      },
    },
  },
});
web3auth.configureAdapter(openloginAdapter);

// Initialize Modal
await web3auth.initModal();

// Login with Google
await web3auth.connect();
```
